Update Switch mediator for 4.4.0 version (#1166)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/switch-mediator.md

</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Expression</strong></td>
<td>The Synapse expression to be evaluated which should return a string.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Cases</strong></td>
<td><p>This section displays the number of cases currently added to the switch mediator and option to add a new case.</p>
<p><br />
</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Adding a new case

> 1.  To add a case, go to edit the switch mediator and click **Add new case** under **Cases** section.

Reviewer: Shall we explain how to open this as a new step?

For example:

- Click on the Switch mediator to open the **Edit Switch** panel.

Make sure to bold the UI texts.

Author: Fixed with 99cc11e

> 1.  To add a case, go to edit the switch mediator and click **Add new case** under **Cases** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  To add a case, go to edit the switch mediator and click **Add new case** under the **Cases** section.
```

> 2.  It will open a form where a regular expression can be added in the **Regex Pattern** parameter. By submitting, it will add an empty case under the switch mediator as a child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  It will open a form where a regular expression can be added in the **Regex Pattern** parameter. Once submitted, it will add an empty case under the switch mediator as a child.
```
